Add use case for searching persons (#187)
AY2324S2-CS2103-F15-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

    Use case resumes at step 2.

> **Use case: Search for specific persons based on a person's field**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Use case: Search for specific persons based on a person's field
```
I think we should use heading-4 for this for better readability?

**MSS**

1. User requests to find persons based on the entered the search category and keywords.
2. FINDvisor displays all persons that contains specified keywords for the specified search category.

    Use case ends.

**Extensions**

* 1a. No persons match the specified keywords.
  * 1a1. FINDvisor displays an empty list.

    Use case ends.

> * 1b. FINDvisor detects an error in specified keywords.
>   * 1b1. FINDvisor shows an error message and requests for valid keywords from the user.
>   * 1b2. User enters new keywords along with search category.
>   * 1c3. Steps 1b1 - 1b2 are repeated until the keywords given by the user is valid.
> 
>     Use case ends.

Reviewer 2: If we follow our current use case format, I think this should be
```suggestion
* 1b. FINDvisor detects an error in specified keywords.
  * 1b1. FINDvisor shows an error message and requests for valid keywords from the user.

    Use case resumes at step 1.
```

* 1c. The given category is invalid.
  * 1c1. FINDvisor shows an error message and requests for a valid category from the user.
  * 1c2. User enters new category with keywords.
  * 1c3. Steps 1c1 - 1c2 are repeated until the category given by the user is valid.

>     Use case resumes at step 2.

Reviewer 2: Same comment as above
